feat: Login Rule support for email.local and regexp.replace (#29596)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/login-rules/reference.mdx

`strings.replaceall(set("user-name"), "-", "_")` | `("user_name")`
`strings.replaceall(set("user-alice", "user-bob"), "user-", "")` | `("alice", "bob")`

### `email.local`

<Admonition type="note">

> The `email.local` helper was introduced in Teleport v13.3.0, all Auth servers
> must be running this version or greater before it can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `email.local` helper was introduced in Teleport v13.3.0. All Auth Service instances
must be running this version or greater before it can be used.
```

</Admonition>

#### Signature

```go
func email.local(input set) set
```

#### Description

`email.local` maps each email in the input set to its local part.

#### Arguments

Argument | Type | Description
-------- | ---- | -----------
`input` | `set` | set of input emails |

#### Returns

Type | Description
---- | ----------
`set`  | a copy of `input` where each email has been converted to its local part.

#### Examples

Expression | Result
------- | ------
`email.local(set("alice@example.com"))` | `("alice")`
`email.local(set("Alice <alice@example.com>"))` | `("alice")`

### `regexp.replace`

<Admonition type="note">

> The `regexp.replace` helper was introduced in Teleport v13.3.0, all Auth servers
> must be running this version or greater before it can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `regexp.replace` helper was introduced in Teleport v13.3.0. All Auth Service instances
must be running this version or greater before it can be used.
```
